## Under no circumstances are you permitted to access this repository without understanding your authority for investigative forensic work or security research. Albert Lane assumes absolutely no liability for any and all damages, if any, whatsoever. This Terms of Use restricts YOUR access, without satisfying the criteria above, YOURSELF, and choosing to accept YOUR risk. The contents are NOT KNOWN to contain malware, viruses, sentinel software, or anything harmful. Albert has no reasonable justification for suggesting they could, and makes absolutely no claim they can or will cause harm. Regardless of what is known, or unknown, ALL documents exist for contextual relevance grounded in Corporate Suppression, Government Negligence and Autonomous Software Weaponization, whiich connects Federal Whistleblower Reports as outlined below. You are advised to consult business and corporate Legal & HR before accessing, if using a Corporate or Bisiness Device, or while at work, regardless of whether or not "working." "Regular" consumers are warned as well, equally. 

## The details of these Terms stem from software which surfaced on a Google Pixel 8 Pro, now running Enterprise Device Management Software, and Developer Mode enabled. All reasonable Federal Escalations have been submitted or reported, and this Terms of Use stems from the capabilities and utility of legislative code probibiting consumers from being monitored.

## Consider this message a warning, exemplifying the capabilities permissable by The United States and citizen restrictions on private ssctor auditability of source code, in AI era. Respect the warning everywhere.

## This repository is publicly accessible just like private land with "No Trespassing" signage, although this reads, "Trespassers Beware!" regardless of jurisdiction.
